meal with schmadtke game seen
difficult to judge against dresden
because there for a moment
after the break duisburger small projects
then had more difficult there
to draw the conclusions
until he changes a bit
played as in the last weeks of
But the formation would be enough
to prepare information
accuse us of these games as well
important league game because we
have great goals
to hibernate locally because it will become one
real trophy fight was looking forward to it
is also impressed by the stadium
be sold out
really interesting task so my
player was certainly not to warn
that we need to get 100 percent off
is clear
But that was always the case in Wald
case
that's nothing out of the ordinary
I have to point out that we have that
Actually, taking a game seriously is not
it is more necessary to look
where are the players and how fit are they?
then it can be natural that we have the
make one or another change
but im able to network by two or three
maybe it will be at the end of the day
no one day
if we are thinking and as I said
we are also with the
talk to players themselves because of
we also have something like English
have week and every game for us whole
So, we are important
now can not go therefore and say
We spare the whole crew
because we have an important one on sunday
Player for us is definitely
supreme premise of this cup game
positive and then have
i still have enough time left for us
prepare sunday game